First draft of about page (#4)
zheylmun/site: content/about/index.md

I work with Karst Underwater Research to survey and document the caves,
providing data to the state for conservation and preservation efforts.

![Cave Diving](diving.jpg)

I love to travel and explore new places, taking photos as I go.

![Blue Springs Manatee](manatee.jpg)

A friendly manatee at Blue Springs State Park in Florida.

![Red Rocks National Park](red_rocks.jpg)

Red Rocks National Park near Las Vegas.

![Climbing](climbing.jpg)

Climbing in Red Rocks National Park.

## Professional

I've enjoyed engineering since I was a kid.
I've always been fascinated by how things work and how to make them better.
I've been fortunate to have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects in my career.

I started my career at one of the world's largest aerospace companies,
where I was lucky enough to work on one of the first DirectX 11 rendering engines ever released.
I had the opportunity to work on a tiny, dedicated team to build a brand new rendering engine for Microsoft Flight Simulator.
I'm proud to say that there is still nothing quite like it in the industry.

![Prepar3D](prepar3d.jpg)

> Since then, I founded and built the worlds first high-tech escape room, and have spent over a decade running my own consulting company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since then, I founded and built one of the world's first IoT escape rooms, and have spent over a decade running my own consulting company.
```

Author: Updated the wording a bit

> I've built mobile apps for the largest accounting software company in the US,
> built open source intelligent tutoring systems for the US government,
> and built embedded firmware, mobile apps, and backends for some of the largest companies in the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've built mobile apps for the largest accounting software company in the US,
open source intelligent tutoring systems for the US government,
and embedded firmware, mobile apps, and backends for some of the largest companies in the world.
```

![Luminar Halo](halo.jpg)

> I've spent the last 6 years at Luminar Technologies,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've spent the last six years at Luminar Technologies,
```

+++
title = "About"
path = "about"
+++

I'm an avid cave diver, exploring Florida's underwater caves to preserve and document their beauty.
I work with Karst Underwater Research to survey and document the caves,
providing data to the state for conservation and preservation efforts.

![Cave Diving](diving.jpg)

I love to travel and explore new places, taking photos as I go.

![Blue Springs Manatee](manatee.jpg)

A friendly manatee at Blue Springs State Park in Florida.

![Red Rocks National Park](red_rocks.jpg)

Red Rocks National Park near Las Vegas.

![Climbing](climbing.jpg)

Climbing in Red Rocks National Park.

## Professional

I've enjoyed engineering since I was a kid.
I've always been fascinated by how things work and how to make them better.
I've been fortunate to have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects in my career.

I started my career at one of the world's largest aerospace companies,

> where I was lucky enough to work on one of the first DirectX 11 rendering engines ever released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where I worked on one of the first DirectX 11 rendering engines ever released.
```

I had the opportunity to work on a tiny, dedicated team to build a brand new rendering engine for Microsoft Flight Simulator.
I'm proud to say that there is still nothing quite like it in the industry.

![Prepar3D](prepar3d.jpg)

> Since then, I founded and built one of the worlds first high-tech escape rooms,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since then, I founded and built one of the world's first high-tech escape rooms,
```

and have spent over a decade running my own consulting company.
I've built mobile apps for the largest accounting software company in the US,
open source intelligent tutoring systems for the US government,
and embedded firmware, mobile apps, and backends for some of the largest companies in the world.

![Luminar Halo](halo.jpg)

I've spent the last six years at Luminar Technologies,

> where I've had the opportunity to work on some of coolest optical systems and signal processing problems imaginable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where I've worked on some of the coolest optical systems and signal processing problems imaginable.
```
